Hello, my name is Ubaldo Acosta. I hope
you're ready to begin. Let's review the
general agenda of a Struts Framework
course. Are you ready? let's begin.
Starting: Introduction to Struts
Framework. In this section we'll study an
introduction to Struts Framework. We'll
review this MVC (Model-View-Controller)
Java framework that has included a 3-layer architecture that can simplify
considerably a Java Web application. We'll
also carry out the installation of the
tools we are going to use throughout the
course, and will create the first Hello
World project with Struts framework
Basic Concepts: Conventions in Struts
framework. In this section we'll review
the concept of using conventions in
Struts. Many of the configurations using
Struts has been simplified and we're
going to use as many conventions as we
can in order to simplify the
configuration when using Struts
Framework. Actions: Actions in the Struts
framework. The Actions in Struts are the
most important part as every web request
ends in a component called Action. We'll
see what an action is, how to configure
it and many more topics related to this
important concept in Struts Framework
Messages: Messages (Resource Bundle) in Struts. in this section will show the
concept of messages. The messages are the labels that are used in a web
applications, and we'll see that these
labels can be included in different
languages, not just the default language
but any language that we want our
application to be translated. We'll create
some exercises to put this concept into
practice. Flow between pages. Results in
Struts. In this section we'll study the
concept of Results in Struts. A result is
used to decide where to go when an
action ends, so you can go to a web page,
another action, send an Excel, PDF, Audio,
Video or any other kind of document or
any other result that is supported by
Struts Framework. We'll create several
exercises to put this concept into
practice. Annotations: Annotations in
Struts. Many of the previous
configuration using Struts were made
using XML files but with annotations we
can simplify and reduce XML
configurations to zero. So, in this
chapter, we'll see many of the
annotations that we can use when working
with Struts Framework. Data
validation and conversion: Data
Validation and Convention in Struts.
We'll review the concept of validation
and convention in Struts Framework.
We'll see how easy is to implement these
concepts because the struts already has
included many conventions and
validations automatically and
implementing these concepts is a matter
of extending a class or implementing
an interface in our Action Classes. We'll
create an exercise to pull this concept
into practice. Integrating All: Creation
of a real world web application. We'll
create an application called a Student
Management System (SMS) which will integrate
everything seen in the course from basic
topics to more advanced topics of
Struts Framework. This application will
have a 3-layer architecture and will
perfectly define the role of each
technology in this practical application,
which will serve as the basis for your
own Java Web applications using Struts
and other technologies like Spring or
Hibernate Framework or even EJB's and
JPA Java EE technologies. Broadly
speaking, this is the general agenda of
the Struts Framework course. These are
just some of the many more topics we
will learn throughout this course. So if you are
ready, let's begin :)